Update mapping file upload limits (#26619)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/unity/error_tracking.md

## Limitations

> Mapping files are limited in size up to 500 MB each, while dSYM files are limited up to 2GB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mapping files are limited in size to **500 MB** each, while dSYM files can go up to **2 GB** each.
```
